Progress Report 7.1
Group2

Our group has decided to make a turn based strategy game where the player moves soldiers on a map. The objective of the game is to defeat
	an opposing army with the soldiers that the player commands. As of now, the game will have the following rules:

	1. There will be three types of soldiers: infantry, archers, and cavalry. Each type will move or attack differently than the others.
		a. Infantry can move two spaces and can only attack enemies adjacent to the tile that the infantry occupies.
		b. Archers can move two spaces but can only attack enemies one away from them in every direction.
		c. Cavalry can move three spaces and can only attack enemies adjacent to the tile that the cavalry occupies.
	
	
	2. The map will be a 10 x 10 square grid consisting of three types of terrain. Each terrain type affects how soldiers can move.
		a. Plains tiles can be accessed by any type of soldier.
		b. Water tile cannot be accessed by anyone, however; archers can shoot over water tiles.
		c. Forest tiles can be accessed by anyone except for cavalry. Additionally, archers cannot shoot through a forest tile.
	
	3. The final score of the game will be based off of how many enemy units you take down but also how many of your units you keep 
		alive.

	4. Soldiers can only move in the directions north, south, east and west.

	5. A soldier does not have to move its full movement range.

	6. All soldiers have health, attack, and defense stats. They will be preset and determined as follows.
		a. Cavalry: high health, medium attack, low defense
		b. Infantry: medium health, medium attack, high defense
		c. Archer: medium health, high attack, low defense

	7. When a soldier is defeated, that soldier disappears from the map.

	8. A soldier has the option to do nothing for a turn.

	9. A soldier may only move once per turn

	10. After the player or enemy has ended their turn the turn will switch to the other player.

	11. The enemy player will be controlled by the program and will try to defeat the player.

Roles for the project will be split into three areas:

Aidan:

Russell:

Angelo:

The team will confer periodically during the week to keep an eye on progress and address hurdles.
