The animation shown is meant to be a golden plate leaving a furnace and proceeding 
to be smashed by mechanical hammers in a factory. 

The classes included in the project are the following:

conveyorBelt - the conveyor belt class, created by Angelo Gomez, displays the constantly moving image of the conveyor belt.
	This image creates the illusion of motion by having the circles, or "rotors," of the belt constantly spinning while
	the lines, or "treads," of the belt move along with it in order to give the appearance of rightward motion to the
	shape.

engine - the engine class, created by Russell Dickerson displays a multicolored engine that uses rotation transformations to
	give the enitre engine a vibration effect. The engine is comprised of multiple shapes and has an exhaust pipe that acts as a
	as a child transformations to the main engine. While the main engine vibrates only on even seconds, the exhaust pipe always
	vibrates and its motion changes depending on if the main engine is vibrating or not. 

Hammer - the Hammer class, created by Aidan O'Keeffe, draws two rectangles, a head and a shaft. A Hammer is instantiated 
	on an x-value x, and two y-values yMax (the target surface level) and d (the distanced the hammer rests from the 
	target surface). The class has one method, strike(int t), which takes the frameCount as a parameter and runs the 
	animation cycle.

plate - the plate class, created by Angelo Gomez, is a simple rectangular shape that constantly moves across the screen.
	It initially appears behind the engine and slides slowly across the screen, emerging from the engine and over the
	belt. Once it completely moves off screen the bar will reappear behind the engine and repeat.

steam - the steam class consists of a white ellipse that moves towards the top of the canvas. As it moves towards the top, it loses its
	opacity and grardually disappears. Once it reaches the top, the instance is moved back to the starting point for all of the
	instances. Additionally, each instance has random horizontal movement for a spread effect. 
	All of the instances together are stored in an object array and they give off a steam effect as they rise. 


Unexpected Challenges:
Angelo - "I came across no real challenges in my part though I did struggle with how to give the belt the illusion of movement
	  because I did not know how to create a proper rotation movement with the vectors of the belt."

Russell - "The most interesting challenge I had to overcome involved figuring out how to store all of the instances of steam in
			an array. This proved difficult as I have not worked with Processing prior to this class and was unfamiliar with
			how object arrays work."

Aidan - "My first go at animating the hammer descent, I used calculus instead of discrete methods to determine the velocity.
	This caused the hammer to inch off screen with every strike. I corrected this by summing values instead of
	integrating, and I found the error to be nearly 100 pixels, quite large!"